Updated initial overview/overview/index page (#21272)
digital-asset/daml: sdk/docs/manually-written/overview/overview/index.rst

Reviewer: Overall, this page is very heavy on the text side. Would it makes ense to add a few diagrams. For example:

* For multi-party applications, users with their separate DBs, exchanging messages with each other, similar to https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/blob/ledger-model-structure/sdk/docs/sharable/overview/explanations/ledger-model/images/da-ledger-model.svg
* For the canton network elements, draw validators connected to multiple synchronizers with the global synchronizer in the center

Introduction
============

> The purpose of the `Overview` manual section is to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the *Overview* manual section is to:
```

* Introduce you to the importance and problems of multi-party applications.
* Provide a high-level overview of how Canton can help you build and run multi-party applications.
* Explain the different components of the Canton ecosystem and how they fit together.
* Show how the different products of Digital Asset allow you to join the Canton Network as a user or a provider of services.

Multi-Party Applications
------------------------

> We use software applications everyday. They help us communicate, share information, and make decisions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Software applications are used every day to facilitate communication, share information, and support decision-making.
```
Please avoid "we" voice.

> But what happens when we need to collaborate with multiple parties on the same set of data? How do we ensure that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But what happens when you need to collaborate with multiple parties on the same set of data? How do you ensure that
```

everyone has access and can operate on the same information? Who controls the data? Who controls who can collaborate?

> If we trust each other or work in the same organization, we delegate this to a central authority operating a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When there's trust and collaboration within the same organization, responsibility is often delegated to a central authority operating a
```

> centralised application, such as the IT department of our  company or one of the large cloud providers. But what if we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
centralised application, such as the IT department of our  company or one of the large cloud providers. But what if you
```

> are not part of the same organization? What if we cannot agree on who should operate the application? What if we do

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
are not part of the same organization? What if you cannot agree on who should operate the application? What if you do
```

> not trust each other but still want to collaborate? Then we end up with a **multi-party application**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
not trust each other but still want to collaborate? Then you end up with a **multi-party application**.
```

* **Regulatory Compliance**: The data is shared, stored and operated by the parties owning it. This allows to comply with existing regulations of the jurisdictions where the parties operate.

Continue diving into the :externalref:`Canton requirements <requirements>` and learn more about how Canton
is :brokenref:`different from other ledgers <comparison-blockchain>`.

Elements of the Canton Network
------------------------------

The **Canton Network** is the union of all applications and users that are built and operated using the software **Canton**,
which connects individual instances through the **Canton Protocol**.

The shared data items managed and synchronized by Canton are called **contract instances**. Every contract instance is
associated with a **template** that defines the **smart contract choices** for the contract instance. These choices
represent the possible update commands on the ledger, archiving a given set of contracts and creating new ones

> atomically. These rules are written in the **DAML** programming language and contain the business logic and authorization

Author: fixed

rules.

The entirety of the contract instances and templates is called the **Ledger**. Each contract is owned by a group of
stakeholders, called **Parties**. Each party participates in the network through their validator node. This validator

> node has only visibility to the subset of contracts of the parties associated. As validator nodes are able to connect

Author: fixed

to different networks, the entire network forms a single **Virtual Global Ledger** which is not controlled by any
single entity.

The software **Canton** has two infrastructure components: **Synchronizers** and **Validators** (formerly named participants).
Validators process and validate transactions, managing the ledger state of their parties. Validators do not expose any public port,
but instead connect to synchronizers to form a network with other validators. Each validator can connect to multiple
synchronizers unilaterally, creating a network of networks.

In order to transact with each other on a given transaction, validators need to find at least one synchronizer where

> they are all connected to. This synchronizer will then order, **buffer and forward the encrypted messages** to the respective

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they are all connected to. This synchronizer will then **order, buffer and forward the encrypted messages** to the respective
```

validators without understanding what is being transacted on. There is one specific instance of a synchronizer that is
called the **Global Synchronizer** (`https://sync.global <https://sync.global>`_), serving as the global backbone of the network.

Contracts are not tied to synchronizers. Synchronizers are not aware of each other. Instead, validators can use any
suitable synchronizer for their transactions, creating an **natively interoperable network** of synchronizers and validators.
This allows the Canton Network to **scale horizontally** by just adding more synchronizers and validators whenever needed.

> 

Reviewer: Consider to add another `Continue diving ...` with a link to https://github.com/DACH-NY/canton/blob/release-line-3.3/docs-open/src/sphinx/overview/overview/canton.rst. WDYT?
